This was calculated using "SELECT avg(energy), avg(valence), avg(danceability) FROM songs LIMIT 100;" as an SQL input

Per "Learn More About the Audio Aura in Your Spotify 2021 Wrapped With Aura Reader Mystic Michaela" (https://newsroom.spotify.com/2021-12-01/learn-more-about-the-audio-aura-in-your-spotify-2021-wrapped-with-aura-reader-mystic-michaela/)


    Purple: This aura color pairs well with passionate music listeners. Purple auras tune in to get amped up, entertained, and moving while they navigate the twists and turns of their day. 
    Green: Calm, analytical, and introspective are the traits that describe a green aura. These listeners gravitate toward complex music to tame their fast-moving minds. 
    Pink: Often described as the hopeless romantics of the aura spectrum, pinks view the world with a sense of optimistic, childlike wonder. 
    Orange: Oranges are the rebellious and bold type. They share a need for high-energy, confidence-boosting sounds.
    Yellow: Yellows like their music to align them to the goals of their day, fueling their need for focus, motivation, and self improvement all while reducing any nerves that could get in the way.
    Blue: Blues are wistful or emotional, and this hue reflects listeners who seek out music to feel their feelings out loud. 

output values were 0.65906|0.484443|0.71646 where
    Energy : 0.65906                OR 6/10
    Valence : 0.484443              OR 4/10
    Danceability : 0.71646          OR 7/10

Purple : High Energy + High Danceability       I will calculate the aura as the average of danceability and energy
Green : Low Energy + Medium Valence 
Pink : Medium Valence + High Energy
Orange: high Energy + High Valence               High Energy and confidence boosting
Yellow : Low Energy + Medium Valence
Blue : Medium Energy + High Valence

I would say the listener's aura would be Purple and Pink


I don't personally prefer this method of calculating as there is much to be considered in regards to high-medium-low values for each attribute (9 total values), but only six colours to attribute.
